okay what we wanted to do for this
collection must be a little bit more
different a little bit more powerful
than actually instinctive as you
actually look instinctive it's very
classic then your side your commercial
feeling then also you have more stronger
street leading so this is we are
opportunities to really promote the new
color range what we wanted to do is
actually show people that we can go a
lot stronger use contradiction of tones
gave a real sort of crazy colors also
show you that you can do that in teens
your color on the model what will
actually did you can actually see you've
got very strong words but they strong
oranges what very strong for yellow
tones that's your will contradiction or
colors what we're talking about is still
making sure it blends together it's
still but that TV feeling and it's still
sexy in a still feminine the concept is
really walk with the blondes but a same
time I think more details working very
as if right color but it sends out I
want to give it most softness have had
this very bit of violets and blue
together for ideas of a stupid one set
of section then while we're working with
you just choose a pattern of failing
color make it more elegant the same time
more fun this one will be wants to do
working with he Fei clothes and with the
model really looking at her personality
Scinto we actually decided to do a
little so strong for the bass tone
very rich sort of rusty Coppertone then
working with that contradiction of terms
working at very deep to a pink color as
well the main idea is we keep that
feeling up the colors of perveen digital
anticon it's very old it's a kind of
feeling very very abnormal because
normally we you want to change the car
to make it more natural I want to make
it like a styptic has been there for
ages
okay what we actually decided to do is
also show you the ranges that we can
actually work on lighter hair medium and
also darkest conceived our gorgeous
model that we're actually working on the
dark of malaysians of our color choices
that we have in the attention color
range Morgan wanting to do is still do
something quite strong but also show you
how you can actually work it vervain
which sort of ground which is to a
neutral base but then have that slight
some of vibrancy into it we worked a 2
to the shades are more violet purple
tones as well I showed the haircut is
quite sure my main ideas who really work
with very like brokering techniques and
really we have the focal point of a
haircut just work with little bit darker
rates to create more shadows that's me
just really mimicking heck and have more
more personality very simple the one
making that we really want to involve
into this the summing korpi dots is a
technology that we've actually put into
our colors and all very simply means and
hennessy tone is delayed oxidation
it goes a lot softer into the hair it
takes a little bit longer to get into
the hair but what you can find a few doc
technologies the last you can still have
to shine and the vibration
you